> "To be kindled is to be a vessel of flames. I am a Fire Keeper, and I tend to the flame, to the very end." - *Unknown*

Maidens sworn to protect the flame, the Fire Keepers are born into their prophetic duty and begin their training as early as they are identified. It is said that their souls and very being are connected to the [[Beloved Flame]] itself. When ready, a Fire Keeper's first goal is to enact the [[Rite of Kindling]], a sacred ritual that forms a keeper's eternal flame, and forever tethers them to it. Speculated as a byproduct from the rite, a Fire Keeper's aging is slowed, estimating to nearly double their lifespan. Most flames are kindled and maintained within sanctuaries known as [[Hearth|Hearths]]—hallowed temples built to house and preserve their sacred fires. The bond between keeper and flame is fragile however. Should a Fire Keeper die or stray too far from their Hearth, their flame extinguishes, leaving the surrounding land vulnerable to the creeping frost.

Fire Keepers are paramount to the world's growth and survival. When ready, a maiden of flame completes her journey by forming their Hearth along the borders of the [[Forever Winters]]. The flames transform the barren frozen tundras into fertile lands. As more Hearths are kindled, the lands expand, pushing back the lethal icy void. Still, it is unbelievably rare for a new fire keeper to be born, and the odds have become significantly slimmer with time. Heretics might even believe that [[Paracelsus]] Himself has weakened and His ability to gift such maidens have waned. Others believe that the Beloved Flame is finite, and can only pass the flame to a limited amount of Fire Keepers at a time.