*Mistress of Illusions, Goddess of Trickery*
Gwynevere is the first and only demi-god born before the [[Age of Concord]], and before the gods crossed the celestial barrier. She is the daugher [[Paracelsus]] and [[Malkandra]], born from a tale that is lost alongside the passion between her parents. In youth, Gwynvere had a talent for trickery and deception. An aspect that the Sun Father feared was too similar to her malicious mother. But there was a difference however, often times the trickery goddess used her illusions and pranks for good nature, using it for entertainment, or to even show empathy. For what better way is there to teach empathy than forcibly swapping roles and circumstances, making others truly walk in someone's shoes?

Still, there was a crisis of identity with Gwynevere. She had to question her ancestry, and if she was to be more like her mother or father. In the end, she decided to become something of her creation, casting aside her original identity when crossing the celestial barrier, adorning a new appearance both in physical form and idealogy. Her actions remain the same however, using her trickery for good. But as she experimented and learned alongside the mortals she discovered that sometimes a touch of mischief can lead to a greater good.

Followers of Gwynevere embody her playful spirit, reveling in mischief and good-natured trickery. They are quick-witted and unpredictable, using their talents to challenge the status quo and disrupt the mundane, all while remaining rooted in a sense of joy and light-heartedness. Whether pulling harmless pranks or creating illusions to teach valuable lessons, they believe that a bit of chaos can lead to clarity and growth. Their devotion lies not in following rigid rules but in embracing the fluidity of life, knowing that even a small trick can spark laughter, insight, or change for the better.


### Depiction
Gwynevere is a striking mysterious figure with an appearance that reflects her complex ancestry. She has long, coal black hair that cascades in loose waves, often pulled back, kept in a messy ponytail fastened in segments by elaborately crafted silver loops. Her fringe hair is kept short and straight, revealing light-green eyes, and a small scar running from her nose to her cheek. Elven-like pointed ears poke through the hair adorned on the sides of her face. 

### Commandments of Gwynevere
+ **Let Curiosity Guide your Path**: *Use cunning nature, to uncover hidden wonders that others might overlook.*
+ **Trickery Should Uplift, and Never Destroy**: *Trickery should bring joy and challenge stagnant thinking. Do not let lies and mischief bring cruelty and suffering.*
+ **Celebrate the Stories of Others**: *Empathy allows us to understand and highlight the beauty of all walks of life. Guide others to understand and express Empathy.*