*Mother of Decay, Queen of Rot, Goddess of Destruction*
Malkandra always found beauty in destruction. Seeing life decay before her eyes was like a magnificent story unfolding before her. She also favored the futility of renewal. No matter how much she destroyed, something new always came back to take its place. Her philosophies and sentiments could never reach the other gods. They never understood the thrill of undoing. On a fated day, the Mother of Decay had overheard [[Auminoor]] discussing with [[Paracelsus]] about some great vision. A world beyond the celestial barrier; a world that she could destroy, over and over again. But then, the Sun Father had taken that privilege from her. Ensuring she could not follow the other gods, Paracelsus encaged her in a cell of unwavering flame. Not even her power of destruction could rival the Sun Father. Not without the necessary preparations at least.

That was when she developed her plan. Only a god's lifepower, their radiance could shatter her cell. So when [[Enceladus]] decided to cross the celestial barrier, she had to move quickly. Conjuring whatever power she could, she stole Enceladus' radiance and shattered it against her cell, pushing through the celestial barrier and into the world of Ashendel. Her very first sight into the new world was a satisfying one as she saw all the gods who had forsaken her gasp at the sight of her. She had bested Paracelsus, and there were no gods who could deny that victory. As a victory lap, she sprinkled Enceladus corrupted radiance all over Ashendel, granting all mortals the curse of death.

First she needed to appease that painfully righteous Paracelsus, by showing that Enceladus was not all destroyed. Taking up whatever radiance was left, she conjured Enceladus before the gods. Alive, but a mere shell of his former godhood. Outraged, Paracelsus threatened to cast down Malkandra once and for all. But she had planned for this. To calm the baby-like tantrums of the gods, she gifted Enceladus two things. First she took one of the many insignificant mortals that roamed Aurivale and killed them. Then, she took some of her and [[Swoone]]'s radiance and made something new out of her very own image. A demi-god by the name of [[Roque]]. Roque was to serve as Enceladus' consort and guide. Second, she gave Enceladus a location to another realm just beyond the mortal realm. An empty realm for him to claim and do whatever he'd like. 

Now having the gods off her ass, Malkandra dived into a realm of her own. The [[Abyss]], a realm closer to Ashendel than Aeterna-Vincula, where she can start her grandiose visage of destruction and decay. But where's the fun in predictable and seemless destruction? No, Ashendel was her theater, and she had just the plan for a grand opening.

Malkandra loves to increase her worship. Whether through favors, wish granting, or gifts, the Decay Mother can seduce even the most stubborn into her worship. Even some gods have wavered and fallen to her persuasion. At least long enough for her to get what she wants. Followers of Malkandra relish in destruction and decay. They want nothing more than to see the world rot before their very eyes. 


### Depiction
Depictions of Malkandra show a woman with a striking and formidable presence. Long, dark hair often flowing freely, and sharp green eyes. Adorning a predominantly black dress, that compliments her pale skin tone. Many statues of her visage show Malkandra smiling seductively, welcoming anyone who shares her vision of rot and decay.

### Commandments of Malkandra
+ **All Must Rot**: *Ruin and Raze all that you can, so that her vision of destruction can come without interference*
+ **Before Creation comes Destruction**: *Never destroy something permenantly. Allow it to struggle and crawl for life so that it may rot once more.*
+ **Destroy and Convert The Faithful**: *Everyone can be persuaded into the vision of decay. If their resolve outweighs the benefit, destroy them. Prioritize the destruction of the Sun Father's ignorant faithful.*
