*The Sun Father, The Flamebringer, God of Life*
When [[Auminoor]] shared his vision beyond the celestial barrier, Paracelsus immediately prepared for his trip into the unknown. It was no easy feat however, for passing through the celestial barrier went against his very own instincts. Every god knew that the celestial barrier existed to prevent the gods from leaving. If he were to go through with this transgression, what would become of him and his celestial peers? Still, the flame of ambition remained within his bosom, and he alongside his advisor began their great transgression. Being the first to cross the celestial barrier, the Sun Father was the first to see the icy world of Ashendel. A world ruled by monstrous dragons, who clawed and destroyed their kin to rise in their ruthless hierarchy. Was this all this new world had to offer? A world led by ruthlessness and indifference?

It only took the Sun Father a single day to reach into his very own being and create the [[Beloved Flame]]. His dreams and ambitions manifest. Not even he knew what would occur when he placed the flame onto Ashendel, but he still had to try. When the beloved flame touched the frozen tundras, ripples of warmth spread across the center. The frozen tundras began to thaw, and from the barren wastes, life emerged. First, flora began to sprout, golden leaves shimmering against the light of the beloved flame. Then came animals, wildlife that roamed the newly formed plains and brought amusement to the gods. But Paracelsus was not yet satisfied. The mortals came next—fragile, yet filled with a spark unlike any other. Made from the sun father's very own image, they walked the lands shaped by the flame. Their hearts and mind carrying the embers of the Sun Father's dream, they cultivated their lands, creating culture and commerce, it wasn't long before kingdoms began to rise. A new era for Ashendel had been born—The [[Age of Concord]], where the gods could interact with the mortals and create a future of significant potential. The land that Paracelsus had created was called Aurivale, the Land of Gold.

Even with the gift of life and flame, Paracelsus still had much to do. Aurivale was far too small to contain the expansion of craftmenship, culture, and technology the mortals had been developing exponentially. With the help of [[Swoone]], he had made the [[Fire Keepers]]. Maidens who could create their own flames to further the expansion of Aurivale. Nearing the end of his ambition, Paracelsus could finally rest. That was until the actions of the other gods had begun. While many interactions that gods had made were beneficial to his dream, others were not. [[Malkandra]], always had been a thorn to his philosophy, and this notion never wavered. Her acts were also to destroy, and it seemed like her next target was the life he had worked so hard to create. But much like the other gods who had passed through the barrier, his power and radiance was now finite, meaning he could only hold her back for so long until he tired. The Sun Father had no choice but to grant some of his wisdom and power to his followers, in hopes that they could thwart evil and herecy in his place.

Paracelsus grants his most devoted the strength of his flame, so that they can protect what he has created. His flame carries both promise and peril, for though it gifted life, it too can be used to take it away. While Paracelsus still rests  and regains his power, his most devoted gathered and created [[The Tribunal]], a church of great importance that devotes itself to spreading the vision the Sun Father shares.


### Depiction
There are various popular depictions of Paracelsus. Some show him as a amorphous ball of light, while others show him as a tall fair-skinned man with darker brown hair, adorned in vestments of White, Red, and Gold. 

### Commandments of Paracelsus
+ **Lead with Patience and Compassion**:*Life was made with imperfection and failure in mind. It is only in fellowship and union do we find perfection.*
+ **Carry on the Will of Flame**: *Life blessed by the Sun Father should be cherished and graced. Even in death should life be remembered for what it was, not that it ended.*
+ **Have Mercy on Those beyond Redemption**: *Some may never see the Sun Father's light again. Give swift justice to those who carry this burden.*
